OSDOCS-3737: (OLM Bug) Add warning about disabling copied CSVs (#46755)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-disabling-copied-csvs.adoc

To support these larger clusters, cluster administrators can disable copied CSVs for Operators installed with the `AllNamespaces` mode.

[WARNING]
====

> Disabling copied CSVs restricts access to the full OLM experience to cluster administrators. Only cluster administrators can interact with Operators installed with `AllNamespaces` mode. Users can only interact with Operators directly installed in their namespace. 

Reviewer: I think some key information is missing from the existing warning:
- Copied CSVs are used to identify which operators area available in a given namespace.
- The operator hub console is effectively disabled for users.
- The operators are still available in theses namespaces and users can still rely on them. The existing wording ("interact") seems to indicate otherwise.
```suggestion
Copied CSVs identify which operators are available in a given namespace. By disabling copied CSVs:
- The functionality made available through the operatorhub page will limited by the RBAC available to users. For example, users will not be able to see operators that are installed in a separate namespace but configured to reconcile events in their namespaces.
- On cluster, users will not be aware which operators are available in their namespace unless the operator was installed directly in their namespace.
```

To support these larger clusters, cluster administrators can disable copied CSVs for Operators installed with the `AllNamespaces` mode.

[WARNING]
====

> If you disable copied CSVs, users can only discover Operators that are both available and installed directly in their namespace. 

Reviewer 2: s/only discover/discover only 

> their namespace
Whose namespace? The user or the Operator?

Reviewer 2: > their namespace

Whose namespace? The user or the Operator?

This behavior occurs because copied CSVs are used to identify the Operators available for a given namespace. A user's role-based access control (RBAC) limits the use of the OperatorHub page in the console. As a result, users with insufficient RBAC cannot see Operators configured to reconcile events in their namespace for Operators installed in separate namespaces.

> ====

Reviewer 2: > users with insufficient RBAC cannot see Operators configured to reconcile events in their namespace for Operators installed in separate namespaces

I am not clear on what this means, but that might be me. If you are comfortable with it, I cannot argue.

To support these larger clusters, cluster administrators can disable copied CSVs for Operators installed with the `AllNamespaces` mode.

[WARNING]
====
If you disable copied CSVs, a user's ability to discover Operators in the OperatorHub and CLI is limited to Operators that meet the following criteria:

> * The Operator is configured to reconcile events in the user's namespace.

Reviewer: Is this true? I had thought that the user would only discover CSVs of operators installed in the namespace.

Author: I misunderstood. I thought it had to be installed directly in the namespace and be configured to reconcile events in the namespace.

Author: @awgreene I updated the content based on your comment. Would you PTAL?
